Refactor issue reporter (#1025)
OpenTermsArchive/engine: CHANGELOG.md

All changes that impact users of this module are documented in this file, in the [Common Changelog](https://common-changelog.org) format with some additional specifications defined in the CONTRIBUTING file. This codebase adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Unreleased [minor]

_Full changeset and discussions: [#1025](https://github.com/OpenTermsArchive/engine/pull/1025)._

### Added

> - Auto create labels for declarations repository on GitHub

Reviewer: As per [CommonChangelog§2.4.1](https://common-changelog.org/#241-change):

>Write a change using the [imperative mood](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperative_mood). It must start with a present-tense verb

```suggestion
- Attach labels to failed tracking reports on GitHub issues created in declarations repositories
```
